feat: Add prop `version` to plugins manifest to avoid browser caching (#24153)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/plugins.md

### Manifest Json

Here is a complete `manifest.json` example with all possible configurations:

```json
{
  "requiredSdkVersion": "~0.0.77",
  "name": "MyPlugin",

>   "pluginVersion": "0.0.8",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "pluginVersion": "0.0.8",  // Optional
```

>   "pluginVersion": "0.0.8", // Optional

Reviewer: I think `plugin` is a better name (as suggested in the issue).
Since we don’t use names like `pluginName` or `pluginJavascriptEntrypointUrl`, it’s already clear that the prop refers to the plugin.
So simply naming it `version` is the best option.

Author: I don't oppose to name it `version`, I even thought of naming it that way in the first place. My only concern is that new plugin developers might confuse what version is that refering to (would that be the SDK version, plugin version or BBB version?) This would be the only exception to the rule you pointed (naming things directly instead of prepending "plugin" to it), because all the other manifest properties are pertty straight forward. Given that, what do you think?

Reviewer: IMO it's clear it references the plugin version.

Author: Ok, I will rename it then!

To better understand remote-data-sources, please, refer to [this section](#external-data-resources)

**pluginVersion:**
The `pluginVersion` directive is used solely to prevent the browser from caching an outdated version of the plugin between deployments.

When this field is defined in your manifest, the system automatically appends the version number as a query parameter to the `javascriptEntrypointUrl`. This doesn’t change the plugin’s behavior — it simply ensures that browsers treat each version as a new file and reload it instead of using a cached copy.

> For example, if your plugin version is `0.0.8`, the browser will load `MyPlugin.js?version=0.0.8`

Reviewer: I'd suggest making it briefer since it’s just a simple prop.

```suggestion
**pluginVersion:**
Prevents browsers from caching old plugin files.
When set, it appends the version to `javascriptEntrypointUrl`, forcing browsers to fetch the latest file.

Example: 
`pluginVersion=0.0.8`
`javascriptEntrypointUrl=MyPlugin.js`
Browser will load: `MyPlugin.js?version=0.0.8`.
```
